okay here we are at stage six and now
that the top you face is yellow it's
time to position the yellow corners
correctly first things first
we need to take a look at the corners of
the cube on the top layer and twist the
top you face until at least two corners
are in the right location the corners
are indicated by a b c d on page 8 of
the solution guide if you have four
corners in the correct position you get
to move on or in this case fast-forward
to the second step of stage six if you
only have two corners keep in mind the
corners can be on the same side or
diagonal but there have to be two
corners in the correct position how
about you guys do you have the correct
corners I have two corners in the
correct position very good I also have
two corners but their diagonal that's
okay how do you know if they're in the
correct position them because the three
colors on the corner pieces match the
center pieces on each side well there
you go good job you guys now that we've
identified the corners in the correct
position the first step is to hold the
cube in the correct position if you have
the correct corners on the same side
then hold the cube so that to correct
corners are on the back B face in the
eight B corner positions now to switch
corners C and D into their correct
corner positions we follow the move
sequence RI f RI b b r fi RI
be be are are you uh if you need to
switch the diagonal corners then do the
same move sequence RI f RI be be are fi
RI be be are are you I do this once then
hold the cube so that to correct corners
are on the back be face and do the
sequence again RI f RI be be r fi RI be
be are are you I now all four corners
should be in the correct positions
congratulations you've done it now we
have one more step to go but before we
take our next step if your cube doesn't
look like this simply go back to the
beginning and go through the stages
again one of the more common mistakes is
moving the cube around in your hand when
making the moves so remember you're
rotating the faces not the cube go ahead
start over you'll be amazed at what
you'll learn along the way
we'll meet you on the second step of
stage six we're so close now that we
really want to pay attention so we don't
have to start over now that the yellow
cross is completed and the yellow
corners are in the correct position the
second step of stage six is to solve the
yellow edge pieces York you could have
one of two situations either you have
one edge piece in the correct position
and three edge pieces that are incorrect
or you have all four edge pieces in the
wrong position
and what situation do you guys have I
have one edge piece that's correct
I have all four edge pieces that are
incorrect okay that's good and I have
one edge piece that's correct so let's
solve both situations first let's solve
the one with all four edge pieces that
are incorrect because we need to have
one edge piece in the correct position
eventually so to do this we need to
follow either one of the sequential
moves in the solution guide since it
doesn't matter which sequence we use
when there are four incorrect edge
pieces we'll do the first one in the
solution guide which is the one that
moves the edge pieces in a clockwise
position if you're looking at the cube
from the top you face it's f f u l RI f
f li are u F F now we have one edge
piece in the correct position
if one edge piece is correct and three
edge pieces are incorrect then we need
to hold the cube so the face with the
correct edge piece is on the back B face
once we do this we have to determine in
what direction the other three edge
pieces need to move one way to do this
is by looking at the edge piece on the
front F face and see if it needs to move
to the left or to the right face if the
edge piece needs to move to the left L
face then it needs to move in a
clockwise direction or the first
sequence in the solution guide if it
needs to move to the right or face then
it's a counterclockwise direction or
this second sequence in the solution
guide so let's do our final move to
solve the Rubik's Cube to cycle the edge
pieces e f g in a clockwise direction
then do F
f you l RI f f Li are you f f to cycle
the edge pieces e FG in a
counterclockwise direction do f f UI l
RI f f li are you i f f congratulations
if you have a solved Rubik's cube you
have unlocked the secret go ahead jump
around celebrate hi-5 you guys great job
let me see ah looking good baby now
let's do it again if you can solve the
rubik's cube do it again because there's
nothing like solving it without the
solution guide except showing others how
to solve it now how did you feel when
you solved it I felt extremely proud and
happy I couldn't believe I did it
that's awesome what about your best
feeling in the world people people never
believe me when I say I can solve it so
I practiced until I could do it without
the guide and now that you've solved the
Rubik's Cube try the multicolored cross
or the square in the middle patterns in
your solution guide you can extend this
experience by checking out that you can
do the Rubik's Cube website that you can
do the cube comm where you can download
solution guides to teach your friends
join the community collect points earn
rewards and share the experience with
your friends and family and remember you
can do the rubik's cube